Thomas is a Tank Engine lives in a big
station on the Island of Sodor he's a
cheeky little engine with six small
wheels a short stumpy funnel a short
stumpy boiler and a short stumpy dome
he's a fussy little engine - always
pulling coaches about ready for the big
engines to take on long journeys and
when trains come in he pulls the empty
coaches away so that the big engines can
go and rest Thomas thinks no engine
works as hard as he does he loves
playing tricks on them including Gordon
the biggest and proudest engine of all
Thomas likes to tease Gordon with his
whistle wake up lazybones why don't you
work hard like me one day after pulling
the big Express Gordon had arrived back
at the sidings very tired he was just
going to sleep when Thomas came up in
his cheeky way wake up lazybones do some
hard work for a change you can't catch
me and off Thomas ran laughing instead
of going to sleep again Gordon thought
how he could get back at Thomas one
morning Thomas wouldn't wake up his
driver and fireman couldn't make him
start his fire went out and there was
not enough steam it was nearly time for
the Express people were waiting but the
coaches weren't ready at last Thomas
started
oh dear oh dear he yawned he fussed into
the station where Gordon was waiting
hurry up you said Gordon hurry yourself
replied Thomas Gordon the proud engine
began making his plan to teach Thomas a
lesson for teasing him almost before the
coaches had stopped moving Gordon
reversed quickly and was coupled to the
Train
getting quickly please he whistled
Thomas usually pushed behind the big
trains to help them start but he was
always uncoupled first this time Gordon
started so quickly they forgot to
uncouple Thomas Gordon's chance had come
come on come on pop Gordon to the
coaches
a train went faster and faster too fast
for Thomas he wanted to stop but he
couldn't he'd keep stop stop
hurry hurry hurry laughs gone can't get
away you can't get away laughter coaches
poor Thomas was going faster than he had
ever gone before he was out of breath
and his wheels hurt him but he had to go
on I shall never be the same again he
thought sadly my wheels will be quite
worn out
at last they stopped at a station Thomas
was uncoupled and he felt very silly
unexhausted next he went on to a
turntable thinking of everyone laughing
at him then he went on to a siding out
of the way well little Thomas chuckled
Gordon now you know what hard work means
don't you or Thomas couldn't answer he
had no breath he just puffed slowly away
to rest and had a long long drink maybe
I don't have to tease board to feel
informed Thomas thought to himself and
he puffed slowly home
you